---
title: MLK Jr. 
date: 2015-01-19 21:29
---
Just two links, for your Martin Luther King, Jr. Day. May we always remember to work hard for our dreams. 

Take a moment and read [Martin Luther King, Jr.'s speech](http://www.americanrhetoric.com/speeches/mlkihaveadream.htm). Read it slowly:

> Let us not seek to satisfy our thirst for freedom by drinking from the cup of bitterness and hatred. We must forever conduct our struggle on the high plane of dignity and discipline. We must not allow our creative protest to degenerate into physical violence. Again and again, we must rise to the majestic heights of meeting physical force with soul force.

Don Pottinger supplies my second Signal. Writing about the "best entrepreneur" he knows, it serves as a reminder that one of the most impactful things you can do is [positively influence your local community](http://donpottinger.net/blog/2015/01/19/the-best-entrepreneur-i-know.html):

> As soon as I sit in his chair, the outside world disappears. It’s just Dennis and me. We talk about real life - things like family, politics, sports, and entrepreneurship. We exchange knowledge. We bounce ideas off each other. We discuss issues facing the Black community. I share my experiences as an engineer and entrepreneur. Dennis listens intently, asks thoughtful questions and imparts advice. He is a therapist, father-figure, friend and cheerleader. He is the first to commend you when you do something great, but also the first to check you when need checking. 

Keep dreaming.
