---
title: Firewatch, Apple, Fitbit HR
date: 2016-01-26 21:19
published: false
---
## Tech
**Panic: New updates to Firewatch, no new updates coming to Coda this year.** I don't use a lot of software from Panic, but that doesn't mean I don't know they're extremely well respected in the Apple community. In the [latest iteration of their annual report](http://panic.com/blog/the-2015-panic-report/), Panic details some of the information surrounding their upcoming video game, Firewatch, and the planned updates to their software. I believe this was the debut of a fresh blog design that now matches the rest of their site's aestetic.

**Apple: 1 Billion Active devices**. Active devices, not just devices sold.

**IBM: We're releasing Watson for everyone.** Huge news. Ann Jenkins, reporting for the NYT:

> This is something that we've never seen before. It's going to create huge waves through the community, and I'd expect to see tons of new apps come from this.

Exciting.

**Google: We've stopped following you online.** I highly doubt this, but OK. If you say so, Google. This is part of an ongoing story that I'm following: the idea that we have a fundamental right to privacy, but that it's not always guaranteed by law. Interesting.

## Games

**Monument Valley Vinyl Released Tomorrow.** This is gorgeous, and I love Monument Valley. Buy.  

## Backstory: Fitbit HR Review

The Fitbit HR is a good fitness tracker. It's comfortable, has acceptable battery life, and the software is easy to use. Although the Fitbit HR device only shows your information, the accompanying app can show aggregated data from your friends, which provides passive, and surprisingly compelling, encouragement to log a few extra hundred steps.
